CQA Installing Proxy guide (#4932)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-capsule-in-UI.adoc

= Assigning the correct organization and location to {SmartProxyServer} in the {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]

> Assign the correct organization and location to {SmartProxyServer} to ensure it appears in the {ProjectWebUI} and can be properly managed within your organizational structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign the correct organization and location to {SmartProxyServer} to ensure it appears in the {ProjectWebUI}.
That way, you can properly manage it within your organizational structure.
```
